---
title: 5-31-2026
---
Today was #Sunday, one of my days with a (relatively) fixed routine! Sundays for 6 months were Trivia @2 pm, but ever since trivia went on an indefinite hiatus, it has transitioned to #boardgames at my place @2 pm!

This morning was spent helping a friend move. I think the act of #moving-apartments can be broken down by:
- Who is moving?
	- If me: -1000/10, worst experience, maybe ever, would not recommend
	- If friend: 6/10, great vibes, but moving still SUCKS

Luckily, we had a group of 6 and my friend had already packed everything away. One of my #moms-sayings is that "many hands make light work."

Very brief aside, I want to start collecting common sayings and phrases that my parents use. I listened to the Daily's Mother's Day special, which was ~30 minutes of clips where a child shared an impactful catchphrase of their parent. Along with the catch phrase was an interpretation of it, and often how their understanding of the phrase has changed over the years. This was a great idea.

As an even further aside, I was sick on Mother's Day, and gave my mom a poor excuse for a call. I tried calling back multiple times over the next few days, but she was too busy. Mom if you ever read this, I love you deeply and you're the best!

Anyways, moving on from that **gigantic** tangent, the morning move was a success, featured lovely banter between the 6 of us, and ended in delicious (super mid) Domino's pizza on the friend's back patio.

Board games started at my place at 1:30 this afternoon, and I picked up C**** from Brookline around 1, and hurried back with my lovely housemate A***. (I'm not sure how comfortable my friends would be if I name dropped them, I am doing my best to keep things anonymous since this will go on the internet. Anyone that vaguely knows me and stumbles across this will have **very** little effort piecing together who I am and who these pals are.) A***** and R**** joined us soon after; after the five of us caught up for ~20 minutes, and an unsuccessful foray into learning #Root by C***, we settled on #Wingspan as the game of the day.

I won! By totally legitimate means!! Abusing the ravens are NOT cheap and embarrassing!!! What's a more powerful feeling: the shame from abusing an absolutely bonkers broken card, or the exhilaration of winning?

Unfortunately, I find the former more powerful in most cases. I am not a very #competitive person by nature, at least with friends. If I am provoked or challenged, that completely flips and I have a strong drive to win. With close friends when everyone is just having fun and hanging out... I'd prefer to just have fun and make sure everyone feels like they

1. Had fun
2. Had a fighting chance at winning
3. Were relatively close in the end results

I have more thoughts... but I am so sleepy... and so lazy... so I will cut this one short. Rest of the day was spent playing #videogames with S**** and K***, tonight the game of choice was #crashout-crew, the most recent game from my absolute favorite game studio #AggroCrab. I will be writing about them **much** more soon.

Anywhom, goodnight gang!